Reduce delete-incidents response (#19221)
demisto/content: Packs/DemistoRESTAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_2_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Demisto REST API

> - Added the *fields* argument to the ***demisto-delete-incidents*** command, to enable returning a minimal result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *fields* argument to the ***demisto-delete-incidents*** command. Use this field to get only relevant fields.
```

Author: Done
